# KeepFitUp
A joint venture of physical and mental fitness!

Putting a halt to our lives came the Covid 19, keeping us locked inside our houses. Then came Dalgona coffee and cooking unpronouncable dishes among various trends. Since fitness freaks couldn't work out in gyms and post those mandatory gym mirror selfies, home workouts became internet's new aesthetic. While also people were trying to be positive , the lockdown really did affect a majority of us mentally. And mental health is something which is still underrated. So we bring to you a stop for both your physical and mental well being. KeepFitUp.

While physical fitness and healthy eating habits is important, we emphasize on giving your mind a rest and enjoy peace.KeepFitUp is a fitness app which will allow you you fit in little home workout sessions in your schedule as per your convenience. While some companies have their employees come in to work everyday,  some still are working from home.They find it tiring to travel to gym early in the morning or after a long tiring day at work. Staying home all day with the added pressure of work for the working class and academics for students was mentally exhausting. 

Many found it hard to cope with the grief and isolation, and others found it hard to deal with job loss and financial insecurity. Hence we could not ignore the well being of the mind. People who relied on their house help for cooking food found themselves in a dilemma when the lockdown begun, often having to survive on instant noodles or pre-packaged food items. That begun for them a practice of eating unhealthy unknowingly. 

Since these issues related to health are not just confined to the Covid 19 or the lockdown,  we thought to bring to the people a way where they can fit in easy , fun workouts in between their schedules. 
Sitting on a chair and staring at the screen can be tiring and isn't particularly fun. Hence our workouts can be a fun pause to the mundane lives. As we mentioned before, we emphasize on mental health, so one can also have short meditation sessions in between , taking baby steps in bringing peace back in their minds. The nutrition part will encourage one to skip the instant noodles and dedicate a few extra minutes for a healthy meal.
When the user chooses physical well being, they will be introduced to a range of home workouts which they can easily do in their living rooms with their favorite music playing. If the user chooses Mental Well Being then they will be directed to our meditation room which will guide them how to attain a certain level of mental calmness. Lastly , when our users want fulfilling scrumptious and healthy meals, our nutritional guide will help them with that. With our simple, easy to make recipes, they can fill themselves with good food.We will give our users options to chose between these three parts depending on what they prioritize at that moment.

KeepFitUp promotes inclusivity. We promote internal fitness and being a healthier and happier version of yourself and not just to try and fit yourself in a box that the society made for you. We promote healthy eating habits and body positivity.
We support anyone who is trying their level best to be a better version of themselves and we are ready to give them a fun push towards their goals of physical and mental well being.
